## Release 1.0.1
The (real) first release! You'll want to grab the file named `BetterFoliageLegacyEdition-1.0.1.jar`, the other ones are for development.

Requires [UniMixins](https://github.com/LegacyModdingMC/UniMixins/releases) and [Forgelin](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/Forgelin/releases)

## Added Support
Besides everything already included in the original mod, this release also adds specific support for:
* GregTech New Horizons: Support, in general, for the mods in the pack. For GT5U specifically, side grass and leaf particle colors should now look correct when playing with pollution enabled.
* Amun Ra
* Botania
* Bamboo Mod: Sakura leaves will not use the Falling Leaves effect, as they already do that by themselves.
* Chisel
* Et Futurum Requiem: Same as the Sakura leaves, Cherry leaves will not have the Falling Leaves effect.
* Extra Utilities: Grass (Cursed Earth).
* Forestry (GTNH): The original version was already compatible, this one adds support to Logs in the GTNH version.
* GalaxySpace
* GregTech 6
* Pam's HarvestCraft
* Natura: Extra leaves in Berry Bushes will render smaller, according to the growth stage of the plant.
* Tainted Magic
* Twilight Forest: Everything except the giant blocks.
* Witchery: Besides the logs and leaves, Pit Grass and Pit Dirt now behave the same as normal Grass and Dirt, so they can no longer be distinguished from one another by default when the mod is installed.

## Removed Support
Support for ShadersMod has been removed, as it is very old and unsupported at this point. If you're still using it you should consider moving to a more recent mod for your shaders, such as [Angelica](https://modrinth.com/mod/angelica) or [SwanSong](https://modrinth.com/mod/swansong).
