**Important:** If you are updating from the original BetterFoliage mod or a previous version of this one you must delete the config file located at `config/BetterFoliage.cfg` and let the mod regenerate it on the next game launch for the fix to be applied. Make a backup of any settings you've changed before doing so.

Requires [UniMixins](https://github.com/LegacyModdingMC/UniMixins/releases) and [Forgelin](https://github.com/GTNewHorizons/Forgelin/releases)

## Additions
More options have been added to the Better Cactus configs.
The extra textures for the cactus arms and main body can be enabled or disabled separately.
Meaning that if you (like me) want to see the little small cactus arms, but not the big round texture on the cactus block itself, you can do so now.

More types of modded leafs now use the correct Falling Leaf particle VFX by default.

To give an example: Redwood leaves (from various mods), being coniferous trees, now use the same Leaf VFX texture as Spruce.
Tree scientists, feel free to yell at me in the [Issues](https://github.com/Kynake/BetterFoliage/issues?q=sort%3Aupdated-desc+is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen) if anything looks wrong (or, if you feel like it, create a texture for a new leaf type and make a PR).

## Changes
Better Cactus rendering has been changed to allow for the chance of arms appearing on each cactus side to be configurable.
Previously each cactus block would have always exactly one arm on a random cardinal direction.
Now a cactus block may have between 0 and 4 arms, with a configurable probability.

Connected Grass now ignores TerraFirmaCraft blocks, as TFC implements its own connected grass logic.

Round Logs now defaults to disabled on first install. Most people prefer the normal Minecraft logs and would've changed the config anyway.

## Fixes
Fixed cactus arms floating one pixel away from the main cactus body.
